header
Martina Gedeck	Moritz Bleibtreu	Johanna Wokalek	Bruno Ganz	Nadja Uhl	Jan Josef Liefers	"Director Uli Edel teams with screenwriter Bernd Eichinger to explore a dark period in German history with this drama detailing the rise and fall of the Red Army Faction, a left-wing terrorist organization that became increasingly active following World War II. Also known as the Baader-Meinhof Group, the Red Army Faction was formed by the radicalized children of the Nazi generation with the intended goal of battling Western imperialism and the West German establishment. Adapted from author Stefan Aust's definitive account of the group that resorted to killing innocent civilians in the name of democracy and justice, The Baader Meinhof Complex stars Moritz Bleibtreu as Andreas Baader and Martina Gedeck as Ulrike Meinhof. Bruno Ganz co-stars as Horst Herold, the head of the German police force faced with the task of bringing the Red Army Faction to justice."	Uli Edel	Director Not Available	Director Not Available	Action	R 	9/25
Brendan Fraser	John Hannah	Maria Bello	Michelle Yeoh	Jet Li	Russell Wong	"The Fast and the Furious director Rob Cohen continues the tale set into motion by director Stephen Sommers with this globe-trotting adventure that finds explorer Rick O'Connell and son attempting to thwart a resurrected emperor's (Jet Li) plan to enslave the entire human race. It's been 2,000 years since China's merciless Emperor Han and his formidable army were entombed in terra cotta clay by a double-dealing sorceress (Michelle Yeoh), but now, after centuries in suspended animation, an ancient curse is about to be broken. Thanks to his childhood adventures alongside father Rick (Brendan Fraser) and mother Evelyn (Maria Bello), dashing young archeologist Alex O'Connell (Luke Ford) is more than familiar with the power of the supernatural. After he is tricked into awakening the dreaded emperor from his eternal slumber, however, the frightened young adventurer is forced to seek out the wisdom of his parents -- both of whom have had their 
Leslie Nielsen	Nicollette Sheridan	Andy Griffith	Marcia Gay Harden	John Ales	Barry Bostwick	"Dead pan Leslie Nielsen stars as Dick Steele, agent WD-40, in this uneven send-up of spy thrillers and other popular genres done in the hilarious style of the Zucker/Abrams ""Naked Gun"" series. WD-40 is a James Bondish sort who gets called from retirement to stop his nefarious megalomaniacal and armless nemesis General Rancor from overtaking the world. Steele receives assistance from tasty Russian agent Veronique Ukrinsky. Movies massacred in the ensuing chaos include Speed, Pulp Fiction, True Lies, Sister Act, Home Alone, Jurrassic Park and even Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid. Several stars also make cameos including Ray Charles, Mr. T., Pat Morita, Robert Culp, Dr. Joyce Brothers and Fabio."	Rick Friedberg	Director Not Available	Director Not Available	Action	PG-13	5/24/1996	80 minutes	Hollywood Pictures	Spy Hard	Rick Friedberg	Dick Chudnow	Jason Friedberg	Aaron Seltzer	1996